# Espagotchi
A tamagotchi-like virtual pet game for a ESP32 hacker badge.

Based on the fantastic [Tamaguino](https://alojzjakob.github.io/Tamaguino/) project but defiled with the help of Claude into this appaling mess.

## Instructions

### 1. Get yourself a Disobey 2019 badge

Other Badgeteam ESP32 badges might also work. See https://badge.team/docs/badges/

### 2. Transfer it to the badge
The hatchery does not seem to work for me, so I had to figure out how to transfer it manually. There is probably a better way but not knowing that I decided to do it in a really convoluted way.

I compress the code, base64 encode it and then transfer it over the serial port with the python shell.

You can use `transfer.sh espagotchi.py` to generate the code you need to paste into the python shell. Remember the Ctrl+E to put it in paste mode.

### 3. Enjoy your little dino.
While it lasts, the code is very much not optimized so it will probably run out of battery before it dies. There is no state saving.

## Code Quality
This code should not be trusted. For anything. It's mostly generated by Claude 3.5 Sonnet across a few sessions, which hopefully explains why it's such a mess of different styles. Part of it is also 3 Opus but that was even worse for some reason.

As always with the LLM's, it started out promosing but I have probably spent more time debugging and reverting non-sensical changes which Claude likes to do half way into the discussion.

Now when there is a working state, it might be easier to clean things up but we'll see if I have the interest.

#### Disclaimer
Tamagotchi is a trademark of Bandai Co., Ltd.. This project is not affiliated with, endorsed by or in any way related to Bandai Co., Ltd.
